THE BUSINESS
BookVista is an online subscription service that allows its customers to view hundreds of magazines for a monthly subscription fee. BOOKVISTA makes most of its revenue through these monthly fees. Users receive access to a basic set of magazines as part of their base subscription package. Whenever a magazine in a user's subscription package releases a new issue, BOOKVISTA records it as an order. For example, if a user’s subscription includes access to “Times of India”, a new order is created each month when the latest issue is published.
Customers mostly subscribe to a base package for around $45/month but can add ongoing access to other magazines for designated monthly fees.  On top of their standard monthly order, users can also purchase access to additional individual issues of magazines not included in their subscription package for a fee (known as an additional order). Furthermore, users are also able to give subscription packages to friends and family as gifts; the gift recipient will then gain access to a special set of magazines available exclusively in the gift subscription for a 12-month period (after which they have to pay for these exclusive magazines to extend their access to them).

THE PROBLEM
BOOKVISTA wants to better understand its user base and is interested in using targeted advertising to prevent users from leaving their service, also known as customer churn.  
How can BOOKVISTA use advanced analytics to reduce the likelihood of its users leaving the service?

BOOKVISTA would like to be able to predict which of their subscribers are likely to churn within 90 days of beginning a subscription, so that they can intervene somehow to prevent subscriber losses in the future.  BOOKVISTA strongly feels that a machine learning model built using data on subscribers and their actions can help them tackle this challenge. 
